
 property insurance clauses
 
           whole doc.
 
           i. the property insured
 
 
     the property insured shall refer to all properties and  expenses  spe-
 
 cified in the schedule of this policy.
 
     unless specifically agreed upon in writing between the insured and the
 
 company and appraised and value-established by professionals or assessors,
 
 the following articles and the expenses  relevant  thereto  shall  not  be
 
 covered under this policy:
 
     1. gold, silver, pearls, diamonds, precious stones and jades;
 
     2. antiques, articles of virtue,  ancient  coins,  ancient  books  and
 
 ancient paintings;
 
     3. works of art or postage stamps;
 
     4. advertisements, aerials, neon, pieces of solar energy apparatus
 
 etc. on buildings;
 
     5. computer system records or its making and copying costs.
 
     under no circumstances shall the following articles  relevant  thereto
 
 be covered hereunder:
 
     1. guns, ammunition or explosives;
 
     2. banknotes, securities, bills, documents, files,  account  books  or
 
 drawings;
 
     3. animals, plants and agricultural crops;
 
     4. mobile phones, portable computers, removable  photograph  apparatus
 
 or other precious articles;
 
     5. vehicles licensed for general transport use.
 
   
 
           ii. scope of cover
 
  
 
     the company shall indemnify the insured in  respect  of  the  physical
 
 loss of or damage to the insured property stated in  the  schedule  during
 
 the period of insurance directly arising from the following perils:
 
     1. fire;
 
     2. explosion;
 
     but not including explosion of  a  boiler  or  other  pressure  relief
 
 devices;
 
     3. lightning;
 
     4. hurricane, typhoon and tornado;
 
     5. storm, tempest and flood;
 
     but not including loss or damage caused  by  change  in  normal  water
 
 level or inundation from sea water or water escape  or  leakage  from  the
 
 normal confines of any natural water course, lake or reservoir,  canal  or
 
 dam as well as loss of or damage to the insured property caused by  storm,
 
 tempest or flood while being stored in the open or covered by or  under  a
 
 shed thatched with reeds, tarpaulins,  straw,  asphalt  felt,  plastic  or
 
 nylon sheet;
 
     6. hailstorm;
 
     7. landslide, rockslide, avalanche;
 
     8. volcanic explosion;
 
     9. subsidence of ground;
 
     but  not  including  loss  or  damage  resulting  from  pile  driving,
 
 groundwork or excavation;
 
     10. crashing aircraft and parts or articles falling from aircraft  and
 
 other flying objects;
 
     11. bursting of water tank or pipe;
 
     but not including bursting of water tank or pipe due to rust.
 
   
 
           iii. exclusions
 
  
 
     this company shall not be liable for:
 
     1. loss of or damage to the insured property  or  expenses  caused  by
 
 intentional act or gross negligence of the insured or his representative;
 
     2. loss of or damage to  the  insured  property  caused  and  expenses
 
 incurred by earthquake or tsunami;
 
     3. depreciation, loss of market, loss of use and  other  consequential
 
 losses of any description;
 
     4. loss of or damage to the  insured  property  or  expenses  incurred
 
 arising  from  war,  warlike  operation,  hostilities,  armed   conflicts,
 
 terrorism, conspiracy insurrection, coup detat, strike, riot,  and  civil
 
 commotion;
 
     5. confiscation, requisition, destruction or damage by any  action  or
 
 order of any government de jure or de facto or by any public authorities;
 
     6. loss of or damage to insured property directly or indirectly caused
 
 or expenses incurred by nuclear fission, nuclear fusion,  nuclear  weapon,
 
 nuclear material, nuclear radiation and radioactive contamination;
 
     7. loss or damage caused and expenses incurred  by  pollution  of  any
 
 kind  or  description  whatsoever  such  as  atmosphere,  land  and  water
 
 pollutions but this does not include loss or damage  caused  by  pollution
 
 arising from perils specified in article ii the policy;
 
     8. the deductibles stated in the schedule to be borne by the insured;
 
     9. loss or damage arising from any other perils not listed in  article
 
 ii of this policy.
 
   
 
           iv. treatment of claim
 
  
 
     1. the company shall at its option, indemnify the insured  in  respect
 
 of loss or damage falling within the scope  of  cover  of  the  policy  by
 
 either:
 
     1.1 paying the amount of the actual value  of  the  property  lost  or
 
 damaged or;
 
     1.2 paying the necessary cost of repairing or  restoring  the  damaged
 
 property to its nearest condition immediately preceding the damage or;
 
     1.3 repairing or restoring the damaged property to a condition near to
 
 other property of like kind and quality.
 
     2. indemnity under this policy shall be based upon  the  sound  market
 
 value of the property prevailing at the time of loss. if the sound  market
 
 value of the damaged property is  lower  than  the  sum  insured  of  such
 
 property, the claim shall be settled on its market  value;  if  the  sound
 
 market value of the property is in excess of the sum insured, the  company
 
 shall only be liable for such proportion of the claim as the  sum  insured
 
 of the damaged property bears to its sound market value.  if  the  insured
 
 property enumerated in the schedule is more than one item,  the  provision
 
 of this clause shall apply to each thereof.
 
     3. if a claim for loss of or damage to the insured item is settled  on
 
 a total loss basis, the salvage value of such item shall be deducted  from
 
 the indemnity payable by the company. the  company  may,  at  its  option,
 
 decline the abandonment of any damaged property by the insured.
 
     4. in the event of loss of or damage to  any  equipment  item  insured
 
 forming part of a pair or set, the company shall not be liable in  respect
 
 of each of such item lost or damaged for more than its proportionate  part
 
 of the sum insured on the complete pair or set.
 
     5. in the event of any loss occurrence, the company shall also pay the
 
 insured for the expenses reasonably incurred for taking necessary measures
 
 to minimize loss or damage to the least extent, but in no case shall  such
 
 expenses referred hereto exceed the sum insured of the insured property.
 
     6. upon settlement of a claim, an endorsement shall be issued  by  the
 
 company to reduce the sum insured corresponding to the  property  lost  or
 
 damaged by the amount so settled from the date of  loss,  and  no  premium
 
 shall be refunded for the amount so reduced. if reinstatement of  the  sum
 
 insured is required by the  insured  upon  settlement  of  the  claim,  an
 
 additional premium for the reinstated amount shall be charged at an agreed
 
 rate, and be calculated on pro rata daily basis from the date of  loss  to
 
 the expiry of the insurance.
 
     7. the time of validity of a claim  under  this  insurance  shall  not
 
 exceed a period of two year counting from the date of loss.
 
   
 
           v. insureds obligations
 
  
 
     the following obligations shall be strictly fulfilled by  the  insured
 
 and his representative:
 
     1. the insured and his representative,  when  applying  for  insurance
 
 shall make true answers or descriptions to the questions in  the  proposal
 
 and questionnaire or to any other questions raised by the company.
 
     2. the insured and his representative shall pay to the company in  due
 




 
律师365






 course the agreed premium in the manner as provided in  the  schedule  and

 

 endorsements.

 

     3. during the period of this insurance, the insured shall at  his  own

 

 expense take  all  reasonable  precautions,  including  paying  sufficient

 

 attention to and putting into practice the reasonable  recommendations  of

 

 the company, prudently selecting the workmen and employees  and  complying

 

 with all statutory regulations and safety operation procedures.

 

     4. in the event of any occurrence which gives or might give rise to  a

 

 claim under this policy, the insured or his representative shall:

 

     4.1 notify the company immediately and within seven (7)  days  or  any

 

 further period as may be agreed by  the  company  in  writing,  furnish  a

 

 written report to indicate the course, probable reason and extent of  loss

 

 or damage;

 

     4.2 take all necessary measures to avoid aggravation of  the  loss  or

 

 damage and minimize it to the least extent;

 

      4.3  preserve  the  spot  affected  and  defective  parts  before  an

 

 inspection is carried  out  by  a  representative  or  surveyor  from  the

 

 company;

 

     4.4 furnish all such  information  and  documentary  evidence  as  the

 

 company may require for supporting the claim.

 

   

 

           vi. general conditions

 

  

 

     1. policy effect

 

     the due observance and fulfilment of the terms and conditions of  this

 

 policy in so far as they relate to anything to be done or complied with by

 

 the insured shall be a condition precedent to any liability of the company

 

 under this policy.

 

     2. policy voidance

 

     this policy shall be  voidable  in  the  event  of  misrepresentation,

 

 misdescription or non-disclosure made by the insured or his representative

 

 in any material particular in respect of this insurance.

 

     3. policy termination

 

     unless its continuance be admitted by the  company  in  writing,  this

 

 policy shall be automatically terminated if:

 

     3.1 the insurable interest of the insured is lost;

 

     3.2 the risk of loss or damage is increased.

 

     after termination of the policy, the premium shall be refunded to  the

 

 insured calculated on pro rata daily basis for the period from the date of

 

 termination to the date of expiry.

 

     4. policy cancellation

 

     this policy may be canceled at any time at the request of the  insured

 

 in writing or at the option of the company by giving a fifteen  (15)  days

 

 prior notice to the insured. in the former case the company shall retain a

 

 premium calculated on short term rate basis for the time  the  policy  has

 

 been in force while in the latter case such premium shall be calculated on

 

 pro rata daily basis.

 

     5. forfeit of benefit

 

     if the claim is in any respect fraudulent, or if any fraudulent  means

 

 or devices are used by the insured or his  representative  to  obtain  any

 

 benefit under this policy or if any loss or damage is  occasioned  by  the

 

 intentional act or in the connivance of the insured or his representative,

 

 then in any of these cases, all the rights and  benefits  of  the  insured

 

 under this policy shall be forfeited, and all  consequent  losses  arising

 

 therefrom including the amount of claim  paid  by  the  company  shall  be

 

 indemnified by the insured.

 

     6. reasonable inspection

 

     the representative of the  company  shall  at  any  suitable  time  be

 

 entitled to attend the site and inspect or examine the risk  explosure  of

 

 the property insured. for this purpose, the  insured  shall  provide  full

 

 assistance and all details and information required by the company as  may

 

 be  necessary  for  the  assessment  of  the  risk.  the  above  mentioned

 

 inspection or examination  shall  in  no  circumstances  be  held  as  any

 

 admission to the insured by the company.

 

     7. double insurance

 

     should any loss, damage, expenses or liability recoverable  under  the

 

 policy be also covered by any other insurance, the company shall  only  be

 

 liable to pay or contribute his proportion of the claim irrespective as to

 

 whether the other insurance is arranged by the insured or  others  on  his

 

 behalf, or whether any indemnification  is  obtainable  under  such  other

 

 insurance.

 

  

 

     8. subrogation

 

     where a third party shall be held responsible for the loss  or  damage

 

 covered under this policy, the insured shall, whether being indemnified by

 

 the company or not, take all necessary measures to enforce or reserve  the

 

 right of recovery against such third party, and upon being indemnified  by

 

 the company, subrogate to the company all the right of recovery,  transfer

 

 all necessary documents to and assist the  company  in  pursuing  recovery

 

 from the responsible party.

 

     9. dispute

 

     all disputes under this insurance arising between the insured and  the

 

 company shall be settled through  friendly  negotiations.  where  the  two

 

 parties fail to reach an agreement after negotiations, such dispute  shall

 

 be submitted  to  arbitration  or  to  court  for  legal  actions.  unless

 

 otherwise agreed, such arbitration or legal action shall be carried out in

 

 the place where the defendant is domiciled.

 

   

 

           vii. special provisions

 

  

 

     the following provisions shall be applied to all parts of this  policy

 

 and shall override the other terms and conditions of this  policy  if  any

 

 conflict arises.

 

   

 

           property insurance policy

 

  

 

     policy no.:

 

     whereas the insured named in the  schedule  hereto  has  made  to  the

 

 ______ insurance company (hereinafter  called  ""the  company"")  a  written

 

 proposal which together with any other statements made by the insured  for

 

 the purpose of this policy is deemed to be  incorporated  herein  and  has

 

 paid to the company the premium stated in the schedule.

 

     now this policy of insurance witnesses that subject to the  terms  and

 

 conditions contained herein or endorsed hereon the company shall indemnify

 

 the insured for  the  loss  or  damage  sustained  during  the  period  of

 

 insurance stated  in  the  schedule  in  the  manner  and  to  the  extent

 

 hereinafter provided.

 

                      by      the      ________      insurance      company

 

 _________________________ authorised signature

 

 date of issue:

 

 place of issue:

 

   

 

           schedule

 

  

 

 policy no.:

 

 1. name and address of the insured

 

    1.1 the insured:

 

    1.2 address:

 

 2. location of the property insured:

 

 3. nature of trade:

 

 4. insured items and sums insured:

 

     insured items                     sums insured

 

     4.1 property insured

 

     4.1.1 building(s) (including decoration):

 

     4.1.2 machinery and equipment:

 

     4.1.3 furniture and fixture:

 

     (including office equipment and supplies)

 

     4.1.4 stock:

 

     4.1.5 others:

 

     4.2 additional expenses:

 

     4.2.1 removal of debris fees:

 

     4.2.2 fire extinguishing expenses:

 

     4.2.3 professional fees:

 

     4.2.4 other expenses:

 

     total sum insured:

 

 5. deductible (any one accident):

 

 6. period of insurance: ___ months.

 

     from 00:00 of _________ to 24:00 hours of ______

 

 7. premium rate:

 

        total premium:

 

 8. date of payment:

 

 9. jurisdiction:

 

     this policy is governed by law of the peoples republic of china.

 

 10. special provisions:

 

     property insurance policys schedule

 

                          _________ insurance company 


 

 
 
 
 
 
  


  
 

  


  


  
 
 
 
 

