
 dear madam/sir: 
 
 your advertisement for a _____________ in newspaper (website, tv, etc. ) interested me because the position that you described sounds exactly like the kind of job i am seeking. 
 
 according to the advertisement, your position requires university degree in business, economics, computer, or other relevant fields, extensive managerial experience at high levels (such as general manager), and other qualifications. i feel that i am competent to meet the requirements due to my education and work experience. 
 




 
律师365






 regarding my education, i will be graduating from xxxx university this year with a ________ degree. my studies have included courses in finance, hrm, … , and other courses. i have grasped the principals of my major and skills of practice. moreover, in english study, i can communicate with others freely in english. my ability to write and speak english is no problem.

 

 in my work experience, i have been worked for _______ company as a _______ manager for more than half a year. you know, _______ is the most famous _______ company in china. on the other hand, i also worked for __________ as a ________ manager for ____ years. ________ is a hi-tech firm which specializes in __________. hence, base on my work experience, i believe that i have excellent leadership and interpersonal skills. i can work under pressure and devote myself to your company without any problem.

 

 i would appreciate your time in reviewing my enclosed resume and if there is any additional information you require, please contact me. i would welcome an opportunity to meet with you for a personal interview. 

 

 yours faithfully.

 

 your name

 

 address

 

 mobil : 

 tel : 

 fax : 

 email :

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
  


  
 

  


  


  
 
 
 
 

