
 


　　The sample sale/purchase agreement below is a GUIDE　only to the sort of agreement that may be made between　the SELLER and BUYER of a horse.?


　　AGREEMENT OF SALE


　　This agreement, dated this _____ day of ________, _________is made by and between _______________ ('SELLER') and _________________ ('BUYER').
　　BUYER Details:_____________ 
　　SELLER Details:____________
　　Name:______________________ 
　　Name:______________________ 
　　Address:___________________ 
　　Address:___________________ 
　　HORSE Details:_____________?
　　Veterinary Examination:____?
　　(to be paid for by the Buyer)
　　Name:______________________?
　　Contingency examination:___ 
　　Age:_______________________?
　　Coggins test:______________?
　　Colour:____________________?
　　Date of test:______________?
　　Markings:__________________?
　　Breed:_____________________?
　　Sex:_______________________?
　　Height:____________________?
　　PAYMENT Details:___________ 
　　Purchase Price &amp;pound;:
　　____________
　　Deposit &amp;pound;:?
　　_____________?
　　Deposit Date:?
　　_____________
　　Balance Due &amp;pound;:
　　_____________?
　　Balance Due Date:?
　　_____________?
　　SELLER Warrants: 
　　(Check which of the following warranties are to be included in the agreement) 
　　The SELLER covenants that he/she is the lawful owner of said equine; that he/she has the right to sell said equine; and that he/she will warrant and defend the equine against lawful claims and demands of all persons.?
　　The SELLER makes no other promises, express or implied, including the warranties of fitness for a particular purpose unless further provided in this Agreement.?
　　Buyer waives any claim for damage should said equine fail to meet the above warranties at the time of delivery, unless such a defect is discovered within (X) days from delivery to BUYER.?
　　HEALTH warranty: 
　　To the best of his knowledge, the HORSE has no unsoundness or health problems on date of sale which would cause the HORSE to be unfit for regular training. 
　　Other:
　　DISPUTES: 
　　Will any disputes be settled through arbitration??YES/NO?
　　Legal disputes shall take place and be governed by the laws of ___________ (state country/state). 
　　In witness whereof the Parties, intending to be legally bound, hereby have set their hand and seal on the day above written.
　　SELLER     BUYER
　　________? __________
       (Signature)   (Signature)?


 
 


 

 
 
 
 
 
  


  
 

  


  


  
 
 
 
 

