
 


　　party a：_________


　　address：_________


　　party b：_________


　　address：_________


　　both parties of party a and party b have signed the translation service contract based on the principle of friendly cooperation and mutual development. the articles are as follows：


　　1.party a entrusts party b with the translation service. party a shall provide legible documents in time and give clear requirements and control the translation quality of party b.


　　2.party b shall complete the translation work in time and deliver the translation by printed hard copy and a relevant disk within the agreed date （with the exception of the delay caused by force majeure） details about the delivery time will be discussed between the two parties. for the urgent request， the delivery time will be discussed accordingly between the two parties.


　　3.party b shall keep confidentiality of any documents provided by party a and can not disclose to the third party.


　　4.calculation of the load of translation： for electronic documents， the translation load shall be based on the statistics of the computer （chinese version wordXX &amp;ldquo;chinese characters not including blank spaces &amp;rdquo;） for printed documents， the translation load shall be calculated according to lines of chinese characters （the original printed copy）， i.e. lines &amp;times; rows.


　　5.party b will charge the translation project from party a with favorable price： for english-chinese rmb /_________chinese characters and marks（more than_________chinese characters and marks）


　　6.party b can evaluate and notice party a the estimated translation fee before the launch of the project. party a shall pay to party b the amount of translation fee according to the actually calculated load of translation （as specified in clause 4 of this contract）


　　7.party b promises to provide necessary modifications to the translation documents free of charge after the delivery.


　　8.terms of payment：


　　party a should pay party b 50％ of the total payment when the translated document is delivered（on the same day）


　　the remaining 50％ will be paid fully within_________days. when the payment is not received in _________days， a late payment charge of _________&amp;permil; daily is applied.


　　9.party b shall guarantee that the quality of the translation and relevant service be up to the received evenhanded standard of the translation industry. in case any disputes arising from the quality of the translation material， it shall be settled through the judgment of a third party agreed by the two parties or apply to arbitration directly.


　　10.this contract is written in duplicates， one for each party and shall come into force after being signed and sealed by both party a and party b.


　　party a（signature）_________ party b（signature）_________


　　date：_______________________ date：______________________
 


 

 
 
 
 
 
  


  
 

  


  


  
 
 
 
 

